Added docs for config flags for volumeSnapshots (#93)
okteto/docs: src/content/enterprise/administration/volume-snapshots.mdx

```

If the annotation `dev.okteto.com/from-snapshot-namespace` is not defined, Okteto will default to the namespace of the new persistent volume claim.

> Access to snapshots from all namespaces of the cluster is enabled by default, if you want to limit this so users can only access snapshots from namespaces which they members, you can enable the setting `enableNamespaceAccessValidation: true` at the configuration `volumeSnapshots`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all users in your cluster will be able to use any of the available snapshots as a data source for their development environments.  You can limit this via the `enableNamespaceAccessValidation: true` key in the  `volumeSnapshots` section of the configuration.
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

As part of the creation of the persistent volume claim, Okteto will import the specified snapshot into your cluster using a `VolumeSnapshotContent` and will set the source of your persistent volume claim to this [VolumeSnapshotContent](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volume-snapshots/), ready to be used by your development environment.

> Allowing volume snapshots from snapshot id is enabled by default, you can disable this feature by changing the config `allowIDAnnotation: false` at the cluster configuration `volumeSnappshots`.

Reviewer: Why would someone want to disable this? Can we specify the scenario this enables?

Author: Sure, added. The case where OE customer wants to prevent the usage of snapshots-id as source for PVCs

> Allowing volume snapshots from snapshot id is enabled by default, you can disable this feature by changing the config `allowIDAnnotation: false` at the cluster configuration `volumeSnappshots`.

Reviewer 2: `volumeSnappshots` -> `volumeSnapshots`

> Allowing volume snapshots from a snapshot-id is enabled by default, you can disable this feature by changing the configuration `allowIDAnnotation` to false in case you want to prevent PVCs created from any snapshot-id at the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, anyone can use any of your cloud provider's snapshot ID as a data source. You can disable this by changing the configuration `allowIDAnnotation ` to `false` in the `volumeSnapshots` section of the configuration.
```

Reviewer: is `data source` the right term?

Author: i guess it is, as when using the native k8s key to provide this at the pvc spec is dataSource

As part of the creation of the persistent volume claim, Okteto will import the specified snapshot into your cluster using a `VolumeSnapshotContent` and will set the source of your persistent volume claim to this [VolumeSnapshotContent](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volume-snapshots/), ready to be used by your development environment.

> By default, anyone can use any of your cloud provider's snapshot ID as a data source. You can disable this by changing the configuration `allowIDAnnotation ` to `false` in the `volumeSnapshots` section of the configuration.

Reviewer: @teresaromero when this feature is disabled, what option do the user has then? only use the dev.okteto.com/from-snapshot-namespace annotation?
